Add glossary (#210)
CaptainSifff/paper_teaching-learning-RSE: glossary.tex

%%%%%%%%%%%%
% glossary %
%%%%%%%%%%%%

% programming languages
\newglossaryentry{COBOL}{name={COBOL},description={business-oriented programming language}}
\newglossaryentry{Fortran}{name={Fortran},description={general-purpose compiled programming language, typically used in \ac{STEM} fields}}
\newglossaryentry{Cpp}{name={C++},description={general-purpose compiled programming language, typically used in \ac{STEM} fields}}
\newglossaryentry{C}{name={C},description={general-purpose compiled programming language, typically used in \ac{STEM} fields}}
\newglossaryentry{R}{name={R},description={general-purpose scripting language, typically used for data analysis}}

> \newglossaryentry{Python}{name={Python},description={general-purpose scripting language, typically used for simulations}}

Reviewer: Arguing that Python is used for simulations, but not Fortran/C/C++ is a bit confusing :grimacing: 

```suggestion
\newglossaryentry{Python}{name={Python},description={general-purpose scripting language, typically used for scripting and data analysis, as well as in \ac{STEM} fields}
```

Author: My bad. The new formulation is also not inclusive enough: people in social sciences have contributed a lot of material for teaching Python, e.g. at the Programming Historian. I'll rephrase these terms in a more general tone.

% platforms, services, companies

> \newglossaryentry{GitHub}{name={GitHub},description={online software repository}}
> \newglossaryentry{GitLab}{name={GitLab},description={online software repository}}

Reviewer: ```suggestion
\newglossaryentry{GitHub}{name={GitHub},description={online software repository hosting and collaboration platform}}
\newglossaryentry{GitLab}{name={GitLab},description={online software repository hosting and collaboration platform}}
```

Reviewer 2: which brings up the curious fact, that we managed to never actually mention git directly....
